Time Slider Automation (#135)
ASFHyP3/gis-services: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.6.4]
### Added
- A new hotfix stored in our S3 bucket in `image_server/arcgis_setup.sh`

> - Scripts to automatically update time sliders for ASF published WebMaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scripts to automatically update time sliders for web maps published by ASF
```
